---
date: 2025-02-28
categories: ["journal"]
type: journal
---

As the week drew to a close, the day started off with the aspiration of achieving a well-balanced culmination to a week filled with multitasking between personal commitments and professional work. A few moments of pause in the morning had me thinking about the new habit I've been trying to cultivate, of pre-planning the next week's tasks on every Friday and fine-tuning those thoughts on Sundays. It's a different approach, and certainly, a challenging one but I'm determined to keep working on it.

The day turned out to be quite focused. The project work I had been trying to wrap up demanded my full attention, along with a couple of other work-related tasks. I committed the day to project responsibilities and jotted down a few outstanding personal tasks for the next week. Despite intending to sneak in a ski break, it didn't happen but the silver linings always find a way to shine through.

As I worked through the day, I managed to introduce weeknotes functionality to Cheshire, a small but significant win for the week. It's these nuances that sometimes have the power to tremendously contribute to one's productivity and workflow. Tying up a loose end with sending a follow-up mail to TERC was also a step in the right direction.

One of the most heartfelt moments of the day was attending Sebastian's "Clubbie" award ceremony in the evening. The joy in his eyes was unmatchable. Such instances serve as a gentle reminder of the truly important things in life and I couldn't help but feel proud and thankful. Each small achievement of his is a milestone for us. Similarly, an exciting opportunity opened up for Isaac as we received an invitation for him to participate in the Far West championship races, and the far west league next year. It's a new domain for him, and I can't wait to see where it takes him next.

Reflecting upon the day and the week overall, it solidifies the notion that striking the right balance is a continuous process. The success of the first pass at Cheshire weeknotes today has brought a sense of accomplishment and the realization that even though pre-planning for Monday didn't work out as expected today, there's always room for improvement. It's been a week that brought tasks, challenges, rewards, and so much to be grateful for. Now, to carry the momentum into next week and gear up for Monday. That's my focus; bring it on.