---
date: 2025-03-05
categories: ["journal"]
type: journal
---

Today started with a sense of determination, albeit mixed with a bit of guilt about not being fully immersed in work. I began the day by going skiing for an hour, a decision I'm really glad I made. It set a positive tone for the day, allowing me to enjoy some personal time while rejuvenating my mood and energy levels. I often question whether these moments of personal enjoyment detract from productivity, but today reminded me that they can be incredibly rewarding and energizing. 

After skiing, I tackled a focused task: updating the website navigation. I had limited project time but managed to complete this small yet significant task with even a simple mobile version. While it may not seem monumental in the grand scheme of my long-term goals, any progress feels worthwhile given my ongoing struggles with self-pressure to accomplish income-generating tasks. This little win was a silver lining in an otherwise challenging day.

The afternoon took an unexpected turn when I realized I had left the car headlights on, leading to a completely drained battery. Unfortunately, this mishap prevented me from skiing with Lucas and Isaac as planned. Instead, they went out skiing on their own, which brought about a mix of relief and pride. I appreciate that I can trust them to enjoy that time responsibly, which is a testament to the bonds we're building. Parenting has its challenges, but moments like this make it worth it, providing reassurance that we're on the right path.

Later in the afternoon, I got Sarah to ballet on time, and her cheerful mood was a delightful change from last week. It felt heartwarming to see her excited about participating in the upcoming auditions. I could sense how much joy these activities bring to her life, and it was a beautiful reminder of the simple pleasures found in supporting our children’s passions.

Reflecting on the balance of work and personal time today, I recognize that I’m still navigating through some complex emotions this week. I know I need more personal time for my well-being, yet I'm feeling the pressure to be productive. Despite my efforts to shift my focus towards personal enjoyment, the struggle persists. I suspect I might be on the brink of catching whatever has been circulating through the family lately. It feels more mental than physical at this point, but it's a reminder to be kind to myself.

As I look ahead, I'll focus on a few actionable items: continuing to chip away at the tasks surrounding the website, responding to Dan as planned, and finding more moments of personal joy to fill my week. I’m grateful for the small wins today and the joy brought by my children’s activities. It may be a tough week, but I’m committed to pushing through, embracing both my work and personal life. Tomorrow is a new opportunity to find balance, and I plan to make the most of it.