---
date: 2025-03-18
categories: ["journal"]
type: journal
noindex: true
---

Today was a productive and fulfilling day, despite some unexpected challenges. After dropping the kids off at school, I was able to support Lauren by caring for Sebastian, who was home sick. It felt good to provide a peaceful environment for her to enjoy some cross country skiing and have uninterrupted work time. I was proud of Sebastian for finding ways to entertain himself with painting and toys, showing him that he could be creative even when staying home.

I made significant progress on my personal website, wrapping up cjmart.in to a point where I'm content to share it as a personal landing page. While I’m not particularly excited about creating the Cheshire landing page, I realize the importance of documenting my work as I go. This habit is crucial for capturing my thoughts and experiences as I tackle new projects and finish up older ones. It's a valuable lesson for my creative process, making me aware that if I don't record my ongoing work, it may never be done.

In the evening, I hoped to unwind with the kids by watching Bluey together, but as often happens, our plans shifted. Instead, we had a nice, low-stress evening. I set up some GS skis for Lucas, and I appreciated the fact that the kids took an interest in what I was doing. Sharing that space and experience, even if it wasn’t the planned TV time, helped us bond in a different but meaningful way.

The unforeseen car issue has been weighing on my mind. The fact that our vehicle is stuck in low-gear 4 wheel drive adds an extra layer of stress, especially with the ski activities planned for this weekend. It's a challenge I'll need to address promptly, whether I can manage to fix it myself or need professional help.

Overall, today was a blend of highs and lows, but I felt a sense of accomplishment with my work and grateful for the moments spent with my family. I'm learning the importance of adapting to challenges and prioritizing both my tasks and quality family time. Moving forward, I plan to focus on resolving the car issue, making progress on the Cheshire landing page, and continuing to document my journey as it unfolds.