---
date: 2025-03-01
categories: ["journal"]
type: journal
---

The day began on a positive note, although slightly tired from the previous evening's award ceremony for Sebastian. The ceremony was a heartwarming experience, rewarding Sebastian's unerring kindness and willingness to help others. It set a joyful and hopeful tone for the day's upcoming activities. 

Our day was all about hitting the slopes. I spent the morning coaching the Mountain Rangers at ski team, an activity that combines my love for skiing with the joy I derive from guiding young talents. Despite the early start, I was pleasantly surprised by how everyone's high spirits spurred me on.

Between coaching and the various ski teams, I managed to steal a few solo runs on the slopes. The crisp mountain air and exhilarating slope runs instantly lifted my spirits and melted away the morning's fatigue. It reminded me of why I enjoy this sport so much - it has a strange, liberating way of sweeping away daily trivialities, leaving one in touch with the elemental. 

The rest of the day was spent amongst friends, enjoying their company, and navigating the usual hustle and bustle that accompanies such gatherings. Amid it all, I got some quiet moments at home, managing to stick to my goal of investing more time into reading. I am currently in the midst of Hugh Howey's 'Shift', the second book in the 'Silo' series. The tranquility of these reading sessions contrasted with the clamour of the day provided an almost perfect balance. 

I must admit, the day was full, yet never felt overwhelming, credit to Lauren's help. She was a crucial reliever in managing the morning ski routines, giving the day a smooth kickstart. Also, her offer to chip in before the day ended was immensely helpful in me being able to enjoy both my personal time skiing and later, reading, maintaining my energy levels for the rest of the day's commitments. 

Looking back, even though today was swamped with tasks, it all worked out well with a heady mix of adrenaline from coaching, the joy of personal leisure, and the comforting company of loved ones. I am looking forward to the challenges and surprises tomorrow may bring.