---
date: 2025-02-13
categories: ["journal"]
type: journal
---

# Journal Entry (2025-02-13)

Good evening, it's currently -1° and snowing lightly [Editor's note: Cheshire invented the current temperature, although it was snowing. Good guess]. Today was a snow day and started off with feeling grateful for the productive day I had yesterday, which was filled with a good balance of work, health, and family activities. This day was certainly slower in comparision but still productive in its own unique and needed ways.

In the morning I was a little apprehensive, feeling tired due to staying up too late last night working. I felt it could possibly impact my mood and energy but I reassured myself not to let this tiredness affect my mood for the day. As the day progressed, this turned out to be less of a problem than I feared at first.

In terms of work related tasks, today I had to step back a bit. There wasn’t much work done on the website or journal but I believe it was necessary to slow down and focus on other activities. Though I had ambitious plans of planning my upstairs workspace and catch up on “the 12 week year”, I found myself drawn towards updating the kids' game system. It was a novel and enjoyable experience, one which I was able to write down and intend to post as a journal entry later. 

Despite the snow day and its relaxing atmosphere, I managed to make strides with the home workspace. Measurements were taken and despite the distractions involved in a snow day at home with all the kids, progress was made. In terms of reading “the 12 week year”, I got through a chapter which was less than anticipated but given the circumstances, I'm content with the effort.

A significant event of the day was definitely the snow day itself. Managing to keep the day relaxed and non-stressful for the family and myself was a win. The kids had fun and were able to finish their assignments, and I managed to get a bit of snow shovelling in for exercise, maintaining a balance. A mindful approach to the day paid off and I am grateful for how it went. The broken snow blower does present tomorrow with an interesting challenge, but we will cross that bridge when we get there!

As an unexpected and pleasing task, I got to mend my ski pants with some fancy technical repair tape which was something new and successful. I suppose it summarises the day well – not your regular productivity, but still filled with novelty, learnings, and some good old family fun.

Reflecting on the day, I am optimistic about not letting the feeling of spiralling over numerous unfinished tasks overwhelm me. There is value in stepping back, reassessing the situation, and then plunging back in with a better perspective. I acknowledge now that not every day will look the same and that is perfectly alright. 

Overall, this day was a reminder to be patient with myself, to allow for fluctuations in energies and moods, and to find simplicity and productivity in unusual activities. Tomorrow, I hope to get back on track with the home workspace and to tackle the snow blower issue head on. Here's to hope, patience, and mixing the new with the old.

As always, it was another day in paradise living here in the mountains. Ending Thursday on a high note.