---
date: 2025-02-26
categories: ["journal"]
type: journal
---

# Wednesday, February 26, 2025 

Today was a highly productive day fuelled by my morning workout, and some focused work sessions at The Lodge in Alpine Meadows. I've noted before that starting my day with gym-time sets a positive tone and today was not an exception. My energy levels were steady and feeling good throughout the day, both physically and emotionally.

In the morning, I expressed my intention to stay on course with my tasks of adding a section to my website for cheshire content and working on cheshire weeknotes functionality. I managed to stay focused on these tasks, although it proved to be quite challenging, with the work consuming more time than I had initially anticipated.

Today I made significant progress on adding the section to my website and writing code to pull daily journal entries from cheshire, marking them up appropriately for categorization. However, as I turned my attention to creating the plugin necessary for generating year and month index pages, I had to overcome some new challenges, owing to my unfamiliarity with the process, tackling such task for the first time.

While working realms of learning new code and building plugins were time-consuming, I found them satisfying. It reminded me how interesting and rewarding discovery can be, even if it appears frustrating at first. This process, although challenging, reaffirms my belief in breaking unfamiliar tasks into smaller digestible ones, going step-by-step.

Today's deviation from my well-organized schedule was when I went skiing with Lucas for about an hour after lunch. Despite the hassle of gathering skiing gear and rushing to meet him from school, going skiing with Lucas served as a wonderful break from my focused tasks and a reminder of how important it is to enjoy simple moments amidst busy schedules. I cherish these tech-free time slots and the unique bonding they foster.

Although the day was filled with successful strides towards my goals, I found myself feeling quite fatigued towards the end. The impact of early mornings and long focused work sessions began to come into play. I felt the need to shift gears, injecting some fun into my day through reading a purely entertainment fiction book, reasserting the importance of maintaining balance in my pursuit to be productive.

An unexpected turn of events was Sarah's disinterest in attending her ballet class today, which is usually something she's super excited about. While it was a surprise, I am proud of her for expressing her feelings. In a strange way, it served as an obscure reminder that shifting our interest is a sign of growth and adaptability. 

As for my plans with the weekly overviews, I don't anticipate any immediate changes in my productivity or approach to tasks, at least in the next few days. However, I'll look towards jotting down end-of-week thoughts about what I plan to do next week on Friday. It's an adjustment that I am willing to experiment with. 

Looking back at the day, I feel a sense of accomplishment with a good balance of productivity, moments of learning, and time spent with family. Despite the fatigue that accompanies my evening routines, I am grateful for the time spent and the progress made today. 

Tomorrow, I will pick up where I left today, making more connections and advancing in my work. These are the iterative steps that lead to personal growth and continued learning.