---
date: 2025-03-11
categories: ["journal"]
type: journal
---

Today has been a fulfilling day, packed with meaningful connections and productive work. I started the day with the intention of checking in with my mom, and I'm so glad I made that call. Hearing her voice and knowing she's doing well, especially with my uncle visiting to help her around the house, was a great relief. We didn't have a lot to discuss, but just reconnecting brought me a sense of warmth and gratitude. We also talked about celebrating Valentine's by opening the gift package I had neglected to share with the family earlier. It felt good to be reminded of the importance of these little connections.

I spent my morning working at Dark Horse coffee, one of my favorite spots. The ambiance there always lifts my spirits, and today was no different. I enjoyed the stroll across the river to get there, and I even discovered a new park nearby that piqued my interest. Feeling the vibrant community atmosphere in Truckee truly enhances my work vibe. It makes me appreciate this place even more.

On the work front, I accomplished a couple of important tasks. I finished writing my personal blurb and built out a simple website on my personal domain. Honestly, I struggled a bit with this task because it’s not easy to write about myself and select the right image to represent me. It took longer than I expected, which was a bit frustrating, but I felt proud to have completed it. This progress, however slow, felt significant as it aligns with my broader goals of improving my online presence.

Additionally, I found a great pair of ski boots for Sarah, which was a joyful surprise. Her old pair was too big, and these new boots will allow her to use the race skis I've had for her. Knowing she will be better equipped for her skiing experiences makes me feel like I’m supporting her growth.

Reflecting on the day, I realize that even amidst everyday routine, there are opportunities for joy and connection. I felt a mix of emotions throughout the day—from the warmth of reconnecting with my mom to the joy of finding the right gear for Sarah, all while maintaining focus on my work. 

Moving forward, I want to continue nurturing these connections and building my personal projects. I also plan to follow through on our Valentine's celebration by getting the family together to open that package. Each of these actions reminds me of what's important and encourages me to stay aligned with my personal values. Overall, today has brought me a sense of accomplishment and gratitude, which I intend to carry into the rest of the week.