---
date: 2025-03-17
categories: ["journal"]
type: journal
noindex: true
---

Today was a mix of productivity and connection, reflecting my ongoing efforts to balance my personal projects with family time. I started my day at Dark Horse, catching up on tasks and steering my focus toward getting back to my personal website. With the promise of spending quality time with Lauren at lunch, I found motivation in my work but with a lingering thought of Sebastian being home sick. 

Our lunch date was shorter than I had hoped, but I still consider it a success. It allowed us to step away from the usual chaos of our lives and talk about our plans. Being present with Lauren, even under these circumstances, reminded me of the importance of nurturing our relationship.

As I worked on my personal website today, I felt a real sense of accomplishment. It’s a simple site, but seeing the progress I made with the HTML and CSS was rewarding. I know there is more polish yet to be added, but I am now comfortable enough to share it publicly. This positive momentum serves as motivation for future creative projects, and it's powered by the simplicity of what I've achieved thus far.

This afternoon brought a delightful and unexpected joy as I watched "Bluey" with Sebastian. I had heard so much about it, but experiencing the humor and the thoughtful family dynamics firsthand was special. It made me reflect on my parenting style and aspirations, further fueling my desire to foster those meaningful connections and moments at home.

I completed a few other tasks today, like clearing the driveway with my recently repaired snow blower. It provided a great way to get some exercise while enjoying the fresh air, and it felt good to check that off my list.

Today, I'm especially grateful for the time I spent with Lauren and the commitment we made to prioritize our relationship weekly. It’s these moments that ground me and remind me of what’s truly important amidst the busyness of life. As I look toward tomorrow, my actionable items will include applying the motivation from today to finish up my remaining goals, all while making sure to stay connected with my family. This balance is the key to my ongoing personal growth, and I’m feeling more and more grateful for every step I take.