---
date: 2025-02-16
categories: ["journal"]
type: journal
---

# Journal Entry for Sunday, 16th of February, 2025

## Reflecting on the Day
The day started off on a bit of a hectic note; getting all of the kids to their ski teams was a little bit of a challenge, but one that holds its own unique joys. Even though yesterday was far from relaxing, today was set to a more comfortable rhythm, mostly revolving around time spent with family, snow, and the friends visiting us later.

The special race with my ski team turned out to be much more rewarding than I had initially anticipated. It was a real delight to see my group perform so well. When they received their medals, it was hard to decide who was happier: them or me. A true highlight of today was seeing my son, Sebastian, come into his own. His progress in his skiing is genuinely impressive and I can't help but beam with pride.

The tranquillity of the afternoon brought with it some rest through a much-needed nap. Even though Madelyn woke up earlier than I'd hoped, her tenderness and maturity surprised me, reminding me of how quickly they are growing. Having that quiet, restful period turned out to be very valuable. I woke up refreshed and ready to face the rest of the day.

In preparation for our friends' visit, Lauren and I worked together to tidy the house. It offered me the unexpected pleasure of sorting through our children's pile of accumulated treasures behind the couch, filled with games, books, and distinct memories. The process was therapeutic rather than burdensome, and it felt good to declutter and donate what we no longer needed.

## Noteworthy Insights
At the end of the day, reflecting on the weekend I realized that even though they can be exhausting due to our lifestyle choices, they're worth it. All the activities we engage in help to develop skills and strengths in our children and create experiences that will become honoured memories in the future.

However, one thing I learned is the need to find a balance between the intensity of the weekend and stepping back from active work. There is a constant need to pause, reflect and journal any new thoughts and ideas that come during the time off. 

## Improving and Moving Forward
In retrospect, there were a couple of interactions that I would have dealt with less defensively and more mindfully, which is something I need to work on. There's an evident need for me to approach conversations and potentially stressful situations with a calmer mindset, ensuring a more relaxed environment for everyone.

## Gratitude and Progress 
Despite the ups and downs, I am thankful for moments of clarity and joy that were scattered throughout the day. I'm grateful for the snow, the peaceful rest (even if fragmented), the uniqueness of each of my children, and the bond we share as a family. 

Amidst all the controlled chaos, endearing moments and learnings, I can feel a sense of personal growth emerging, and that for me, underpins the essence of a fulfilling day.

Overall, this Sunday was a day of bonding, personal growth and bittersweet family moments. As we look forward to a new week, I am reminded that even in the avalanche of weekend tasks and activities, there is much to love, much to learn and much to look forward to. Onward and upward!