---
date: 2025-02-24
categories: ["journal"]
type: journal
noindex: true
---

# Journal Entry for Monday, 24th of February, 2025

Today was a day guided by expectations of routine and finding grounding amidst returning to "normal" after a wonderful weekend of skiing and family activities, only to be met with a twist I hadn't anticipated.

Starting off early in the morning, I sent the kids off to school, except for Sebastian who had to stay at home being under the weather. It was a quieter, less hurried morning routine with one less kid to prepare, giving the day a calm start.

Jumping into the primary task of handling our finances for the coming month was a relief. As I've noticed, these lingering tasks, like paying the Hudson Hill bills, have an incredible capacity to sneak into my thoughts and stir up anxiety. It's making me consider the possibility of forming a habit of immediate action on tasks that arrive in the mail or, at the very least, ensuring I schedule a reminder so that I don't bear the mental burden of pending assignments. It’s not about accomplishing the task itself, rather removing it from my mental to-do list that brings me a sense of peace.

The day didn't quite shift as planned when I had to stay home to take care of Sebastian. While I had envisioned a quiet time with a focus on planning and working, I found myself engaged in domestic duties, which, unexpectedly, proved to be rewarding in their own way. From cleaning the inherited old sofa (which, let's be honest, desperately needed it) to prepping Isaac's helmet for another layer of paint, the day turned into a refreshing detour from my usual routine. 

In many ways, this unplanned shift in my day forced me to rethink and narrow down my goals for the week. The challenge I often face, having too many things I want to do, results in a scattered approach towards work. Today, I changed that. I consciously decided to prioritize a handful of tasks (three, to be precise) that I absolutely want to accomplish this week. It feels like a more manageable and efficient approach and I’m excited to see how productive I will be with this new method.

Today was also the start of a new habit - the weeknotes. Using my daily morning and evening Q&As, I am anticipating a regular reflection of my week in a consolidated form. The idea is not just to accomplish the task of summarising, but actually using this introspection as a tool for growth - reviewing my actions, assessing my productivity against my goals, and understanding the progress made.

While it may have been different than anticipated, Monday came with its own set of accomplishments. I managed to stay present, adjusting my plan as needed, and contributing to our home’s wellness by taking care of Sebastian and tidying things up. I look forward to the rest of the week, especially in seeing how my new approach to planning and executing my tasks will shape my productivity. I'm grateful for the ability to adapt and stay present, making the most of each moment as it comes.

## Tasks for Tomorrow 
1. Continue to work on the weeknotes habit and add functionality to Cheshire.
2. Make sure Sebastian gets well soon and plan his activities accordingly.
3. Continue with the domestic improvements.

## Acknowledgements 
1. Gratitude for the unexpected shift in routine. It reminded me of the joy nestled in domestic tasks and caring for loved ones.
2. The flexibility offered by my work, allowing me to pay attention to my family when they need me most.