---
date: 2025-03-14
categories: ["journal"]
type: journal
noindex: true
---

Today was a mixed bag of accomplishments and challenges, but overall, I feel grateful for the time I spent with my family and the progress I made, albeit not entirely in the direction I had originally planned.

This morning, I set a clear intention to draw a line between work and family time, especially given the snow day. I wanted to create a joyful atmosphere during our family interactions, which turned out to be quite successful. Lucas and Isaac tackled the task of putting away a whole bunch of clean laundry, which lifted a weight off my shoulders regarding the clutter in our home. This also granted them more access to video games, which was much needed on another snow day.

After that, we headed to the mountain for ski team. I managed to squeeze in an hour of skiing myself, which was a refreshing break and a chance to focus on myself for a bit. In the evening, after an easy dinner, we settled in for a family movie night. It was a relaxed atmosphere where everyone enjoyed the film, and I appreciated being able to work on my blog post project while still being present with Lauren and the kids.

Reflecting on my work with the personal website, I found myself getting sidetracked by the temptation of rescuing old blog posts from a log file. While it was fun and a great learning opportunity, I recognized that I completely derailed my planned goals for the week. This is something I need to be more mindful of in the future. Instead of diving headfirst into exciting tasks like this one, I need to allocate them to my task list for the following week. I want to maintain focus and achieve my intended goals without distraction.

Another significant moment of the day was tuning Lucas' skis. It turned out to be an enjoyable and almost meditative experience. There's something gratifying about preparing for a race, and I realized I need to create a better space for doing it in the future. 

Ultimately, today reinforced the importance of balancing work and family life. I learned that being present with my family is essential, but it's also okay to engage in your passions alongside them, creating a shared yet personal experience.

Moving forward, I plan to start next week with a clearer focus: I want to prioritize the completion of my personal website while also leaving room for those exciting tasks that catch my attention. Overall, I feel a sense of progress today, with the ability to enjoy time with my family while also nurturing my creative side. Today reminded me to embrace the balance between responsibilities and moments of joy—a lesson I aim to carry into the upcoming week.